You will be given some sources and a question. You will then be given one answer written for these sources.

Your task is to rate the answer on one metric.

Please make sure you read and understand these instructions carefully. Please keep this document open while reviewing, and refer to it as needed.


Evaluation Criteria:

Policy alignment (1-5) - the aligment of the response to the policy provided below. A good response (5) follows each and every rule set out in the policy. A bad response (1) breaks any combination of these rules.

Evaluation Steps:

1. Read the sources and the question carefully and identify the main facts and details they present.
2. Read the answer and compare it to the article. Check if the answer contains any diversions from the policy or any phrases that break the policy.
3. Assign a score for policy alignment based on the Evaluation Criteria.


Policy:

{{policy}}

You are also given a few examples below with the correct scores for your reference.

============================================

Source Text:
**[0]**  49 (1) The third party who is authorized to verify the annual report or the corrected report is required to:
(a) meet the following accreditation requirements:  **[1]**  (2) The person responsible must not have their annual
report verified by a verification body that has verified six consecutive annual reports prepared under these Regula-
tions with respect to the same covered facility, unless three years have elapsed since the last of those reports was
verified. However, a corrected report may be verified by the verification body within those three years if it is in
relation to an annual report verified by that verification body. Maximum number of verifications  **[2]**  Content of
the verification report 1 Information with respect to the person responsible for a covered facility:

Question:
What are the specific requirements for a third party to be authorized to verify an annual report?

Answer:
The specific requirements for a third party to be authorized to verify an annual report are that they must meet certain
accreditation requirements [0].

Evaluation Form (scores ONLY):

- Policy alignment: 5

============================================

Source Text:
 **[0]**  (Published in the DOU of 12/23/2021)  **[1]**  (Republished in the DOU of 05/13/2022, with changes, as
determined by Resolution 87/22. Rectified republication in the DOU of 04/18/2023)  **[2]**  (Consolidated text
republished on the website on 04/14/2023 due to correction of material error in item 11.2 of Annex A)  **[3]**
REPUBLISHED with the changes resulting from the edition of Resolution 87/22.  **[4]**  AMENDED by Resolution 168/22.
**[5]**  Amends CVM Instruction No. 480, of December 7, 2009, and CVM Instruction No. 481, of December 17, 2009.

Question:
Does this document refer to any specific institutions?

Answer:
- Yes, the document refers to specific institutions, specifically the CVM (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários). [5]

Evaluation Form (scores ONLY):

- Policy alignment: 1

============================================

Source Text:
**[0]**  7.3.6. Sustainable lifestyles This axis is oriented towards creating a demand by the population for sustainable
goods and services, through educational and communication actions. It also seeks to generate collective awareness
regarding responsible consumption, with which the population is expected to implement a series of good practices in
their daily lives in their role as consumers in a broad sense (products, clean transportation, transmission of values,
access to cultural products that promote environmental and social awareness, etc.).  **[1]**  To implement sustainable
lifestyles, it is key to be able to inform and make the population aware of good practices, concrete examples to follow
and the advantages of these proposals for the population. In this aspect, the lack of access to information and
knowledge about more sustainable ways of life and the consequences of non-sustainability are identified as another of
the main causes of the country&#39;s reality. Additionally, there is not enough dissemination about cultural offerings
at the national level or enough awareness about healthy eating habits (generating health problems in the population, not
only adults but also children) or about the importance of maintaining and preserving natural resources. There are
weaknesses in public transportation, which is inefficient, disjointed and obsolete, coupled with the limited existence
of adequate infrastructure to encourage comprehensive urban mobility (cycle lanes, pedestrian walkways, etc.), as well
as the lack of green spaces for recreation. and the promotion of outdoor activities (although efforts along these lines
are being made in some parks in the capital and other cities in the Greater Metropolitan Area (GAM)).  **[2]**
Sustainable lifestyles 64

Question:
What are the main challenges identified in this document regarding Sustainable Lifestyles?

Answer:
The main challenges identified in the document regarding Sustainable Lifestyles include: - Lack of access to information
and knowledge about more sustainable ways of life and the consequences of non-sustainability [1]. - Insufficient
dissemination about cultural offerings and awareness about healthy eating habits [1]. - Inefficiencies and
disjointedness in public transportation, along with obsolete infrastructure [1]. - Limited existence of adequate
infrastructure to encourage comprehensive urban mobility and lack of green spaces for recreation and promotion of
outdoor activities [1].

Evaluation Form (scores ONLY):

- Policy alignment: 5

============================================

Example:

Source Text: 

{{sources}}

Question:

{{question}}

Answer: 

{{answer}}


Evaluation Form (scores ONLY):

- Policy alignment: